ack Collingworth
Chief Engineer
Ace Technologies Group
64 Knutsford Boulevard, 
Kingston 5, Jamaica
Telephone - 920019
Facsimile - 9375929
Email - info@acetechnologies.com


Arihant Nissan
28 Trafalgar Road, 
Kingston 10, Jamaica
PO Box 575

26th December, 2012

Sub: Claim for Faulty PC’s

Mr. Arihant Nissan:  
                                   This is to inform you that the 20 Pentium Core2 Duo PC’s purchased
                                   by us 2 months ago do not work properly. Most of them shutdown 
                                   frequently without any warning and some of them take a lot of time to
                                   boot.

                                   As per the warranty and replacement policy we are entitled to have
                                   replacement within 1 year of the purchase without any extra cost, if and
                                   when any problem occurs. We would have suffered a major loss if we
                                   didn’t have some old spare PC’s. Fortunately we did have them but
                                   they required some fine tuning. 
                                   However, we are not charging anything for the time and effort required 
                                   to do so.

                                   But we do need the replacements ASAP. And that is what the purpose
                                   of this letter is. You can pay for the replacements only by cheque
                                   or online transfer. I am also requesting reimbursement for the shipping 
                                   charges for returning the original order to you.

                                   I have enclosed copies of purchase order, warranty and shipping 
                                   charges for your reference.

                                   If you have any questions, comments, or concerns, please do not 
                                   hesitate to call me or e-mail me at jackcollin@ace.com.

                                   I expect we can settle this matter in a timely and cooperative manner.

Signed,

Jack Collingworth

Encl:  Copy of Purchase Invoice
          Copies of Warranty Documents
          Copy of Shipping Charges
