Beyonce Jackson
Viale Europa 22
00144 Roma RM
Italy
90896879
jacksob@mail.com

December 20th, 2012


Carla Truman
Human Resource Secretary
Conservation Italia
Ufficio Roma Trullo
Casella Postale 1234
00149 ROMA RM
Italy

Dear Ms. Truman,

Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's needs, but not every man's greed. Wise words from a wise man - Mahatma Gandhi. These are not just words; these are instructions to lead a life in the wisest manner. I believe in it and I follow it ardently. Myself - Beyonce Jackson and for the past 5 years, I have worked for ‘Caracal Foundation’ in India as Chief Conservator. My contract with the foundation is about to end in about 4 months. I love animals and try every bit for their welfare. That is the reason why I chose to become a Conservator.

Wildlife has always been my passion since childhood and I would photograph them and read about them all through my school and college days. In fact, I was nicknamed ‘Wild Jackson’ for my achievements in bird watching competitions, drawing, painting and anything concerned with wildlife. I would often cerate wildlife posters and banners whenever required. I only read wildlife books in the library.

At the college level I started photographing the local wildlife and was positioned 3rd in the Wildlife Yearly Competition. I even attended the ‘Conservation Week’ organised by the local SPCA (Society for Protection against Cruelty towards Animals. My article on Lake Orta was also published and appreciated in the monthly ‘Wildlife’ magazine.

I am well aware that you have not offered any jobs or advertised for the same but it is my strong feeling that I will get an opportunity in your foundation sooner or later. And whenever that happens please do contact me. I am sure I will live up to your expectations.

I have attached all the relevant documents for your consideration, please go through them. I am not boasting but I am merely making you aware of my apt suitability for the job.

Thanking You.

Sincerely,

Beyonce Jackson
Chief Conservator
Caracal Foundation

Encl. – Resume -1
           Copy of Reference Letter - 1
           Copy of Certificates - 10
           Copy of Honours - 8
