               Hiro Kewada
                                               Management Coordinator                                            
                                             Nebraska Travels and Tours
                                                   302 Nebraska Avenue, 
                                                226892, (308) 629-76708

 

26th December 2012


Timothy Troden
Assistant Manager
Kawasaki Journey
Shiodome City Center
1-5-2 Higashi-Shimbashi
Minato-ku, Tokyo
Japan 105-7123


Respected Mr. Troden:

I am writing to you with regard to Sam Worthington who requested a letter of recommendation on his behalf. Sam Worthington and I discussed his decision to join your company for the post of Personal Relation Manager. I must assure you that Sam is a dedicated and skilled candidate absolutely suitable for the job. The reason he had to leave our company was due to employee downsizing resultant of global economic crisis. He was offered a low ranking job which was not worthy for him. Otherwise, he was an asset.

Sam Worthington joined us in 2006 and over the period of past 6 years he has consistently performed his duties with competence.

He goes the extra mile, doing more than expected. His duties included customer dealing and client feedback. But he would do more than that, he made the clients feel at home and they would insist on dealing with him than any other official. Such response has never been reported before.

He has worked under my supervision for a period of 5 years and it has been a pleasant experience. He has been an extraordinary employee and you could make it out on any given day. PR Managers working in other branches of our organisation were nowhere near him.

He is an excellent problem solver. No problem appeared daunting to him and he always had a solution for them. It was really puzzling but it did generate applaud. On one fine day there was a quarrel between the officials and our transporters. There seemed to be no end to it and everything appeared complex and out of hand. Upon hearing this Sam called both parties in his cabin and after an hour or so both the parties were hand in hand. I asked him how he did it. He said it is trade secret!!

In addition, he is an excellent communicator and has the skills and personality needed to be a leader. He has a very calm voice and it appeals to everyone. I remember how he tackled certain foreign dignitaries with such an ease as if he already knew them. He knew exactly what they required and he leads from the front whenever required.

In summary, Sam displays all the qualities that make him a suitable candidate for the job. I am certain that he will be an asset to your organisation.

You can contact me in this regard at 89750945 or opshuoh@ne.com during 10 AM -5 PM on weekdays.

Sincerely,

Hiro Kewada

Management Coordinator
