 Do you want to Reduce your Fuel Expenditure and Save the Environment?

                         YES!!! Then use VegoCar and save up to 200$ annually!!!

Save Fuel Limited
No. 34 Ion Urdareanu Street,
Bucharest, 050688 Romania
Phone: 2141030
Fax: 213038

25th December, 2012

Nikala Dosai 
28 Bucharest, 
040298 Romania

Save Fuel Limited an initiative of Ecofuel Industries presents you an innovative and revolutionary product which will not only save your hard earned cash; it will save the environment too. Hard to believe isn’t it? But then ‘Impossible’ itself states ‘I-M-POSSIBILE’. With that motto it is indeed our pleasure to introduce you with VegoCar.

So what is VegoCar?

VegoCar is not a car, it is a practical concept materialised in the form of a Conversion Kit. And not just any Conversion Kit, it is ‘THE VEGOCAR’. VegoCar system uses State of the Art Patented Engineering Technology that uses ‘Oil from Jatropha Plant, found in India’. After 3 years extensive research and study Jatropha Plant Oil has been modified to run any vehicle. It has been certified by the World Environmental Agency as a suitable alternative fuel energy.

How is it different from other kits in the market?

Good question, the prevalent conversion kits in the market run on CNG, LPG, Solar, Electricity or other vegetable oils which includes soya bean oil and others. Jatropha Plant Jatropha plant seeds are very rich in oil; they contain about 40% oil which is far more than any other vegetable oil. It costs less than petrol, diesel or other vegetable oils. 1 litre of Jatropha oil costs only 5$ which is far less than the 15$ petrol, 10$ diesel and 11$ vegetable oils. It has been blended with ethanol to make it more engine friendly as compared to other vegetable oil based fuel.

How is it so cheap?

Jatropha Oil

CNG, LPG, Solar, Electricity and Vegetable Oils

Economical
Jatropha is not a cash crop making it an economical option as it is yet to have a market value

Expensive
Other Vegetable oils are produced from cash crops which is expensive because of their value in the market.
CNG, LPG, solar and electricity have a high market value

Jatropha plant can be grown on dry marginal non-agricultural lands

Vegetable crops require good soil.

Doesn’t require much refinement, can be used even without refining in diesel generators and engines

CNG and LPG are not easy to produce and store.
Other vegetable oils require more refinement

Negligible emission

Some amount of harmful emission


Why don’t I see it people using it when it is so cheap?

New technology takes times to spread as there are legal and environmental formalities which consume a lot of time and money. There is lack of awareness which is why we are circulating literature wherever possible. 

New technology is also not readily acceptable as people have doubts which can be cleared with proper information and practical approach. Nobody believed that cars would run on rubber tyres! But eventually they did!

Our commercials are slated to be scheduled on radio and television in coming weeks.

You can also visit our website – www.vegocar.com for more information.

Additionally we have a facebook page – vegocar and YouTube video with the same name – VegoCar.

Soon you will see us on billboards, magazines and newspapers as well.

Till that time you can contact us and order a Free Brochure delivered at your door steps. The brochure contains all the possible answers to your questions.

You can also contact us at these Toll Free Numbers: 
96450490, 235983259, 2309479203

Thank you for your time and have a Happy Day.

Team
Save Fuel Limited
