      85 Cook Rd
                                                                              Orlando, FL 32821                                                                                                                           Tel: 0400000000
                                                                                                E: sophia@email.com

14th November 2011

Stacy Kreisler
HR Manager
Wild Curiosities Inc.
43 Bowery Rd
Hobart TAS 6554

Dear Ms. Kreisler,

Re: Maternity Leave

As discussed with Mr. Kingly Bark, Head of HR, this letter is to inform you formally that I intend to take maternity leave for 15 weeks. My estimated due date is 24th March 2012. My intended last day of work is Friday 23rd February 2011.

As per the company policy I have enclosed the requisite form for your perusal and action. I am fully aware that I have my full annual leave allowance and cover my maternity leave under this allowance. As a reputed person who takes great pride in performance and delivering quality work for Wild Curiosities Inc., I have ensured that before I take leave everything is in order and the work which is pending can be managed smoothly. I have enclosed guidelines for your reference which will assist anyone who will be in-charge during my leave.

Tasks at Hand - Updating and maintaining illegal hunting records

I will complete these projects before my maternity leave commences:

Poaching in Sunderbans: Figures
Forest Coverage: Analysis
Sanction of Budget
Tasks to be Undertaken - Preparing Project Reports (in my absence)

Coastal Dam Feasibility
Effects and Benefits
Alternative Solutions
I anticipate being fully occupied during pregnancy leave with the physical recovery from birth and caring for my newborn baby. However, if you need to reach me for urgent work-related matters, I will be available at 900756331. I will not be able to keep up with business email, so please contact me by phone. If wish to join office soon, I will notify you about it and if I want to extend my leave period I will notify you as well.

Please let me know of any problems, or if you need any more information.

I kindly request to approve my leave and notify me as soon as possible.

Kind regards.

Yours Faithfully,

Sophia Green

Encl: Medical Report, Work Guidelines
